v2.1 Add ability to version installations of docker-ce and docker-ce-cli (#5)
Fizzadar/pyinfra-docker: README.md

+ Debian 8/9/10
+ CentOS 7/8

> This deploy installs packages in the `docker-ce` ecosystem (`docker-ce`/`docker-ce-cli`/`docker-ce-rootless-extras`) You can specify `docker_version` in your inventory data file and it will install that version for all `docker-ce` packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This deploy installs packages in the `docker-ce` ecosystem (`docker-ce`/`docker-ce-cli`/`docker-ce-rootless-extras`) You can specify `docker_version` in the host data and it will install that version for all `docker-ce` packages.
```
